Would you rather lose the ability to lie or believe everything you’re told?
Would you rather be balding but fit or overweight with a full head of hair?
Would you rather live next to a theme park or next to a zoo?
Would you rather be rich and unknown or be famous and have enough money, but not be rich?
Would you rather be unable to move your body every time it rains or not be able to stop moving while the sun is out?
Would you rather have a jetpack or a hoverboard that actually hovers (no wheels)?
Would you rather ride a skateboard or a bike?
Would you rather be free or be totally safe?
Would you rather lose all of your memories from birth to now or lose your ability to make new long-term memories?
Would you rather wake up in the middle of an unknown desert or wake up in a rowboat on an unknown body of water?
Would you rather have a slide that goes from your home’s roof to the ground or be able to change and control what color the lights are in your home?
Would you rather have one real get out of jail free card or a key that opens any door?
Would you rather have the police hunting you for a murder you didn’t commit or a psychopathic clown hunting you?
Would you rather Eat shit that tasted like chocolate, or eat chocolate that tasted like crap?
Would you rather be an unimportant character in the last movie you saw or an unimportant character in the last book you read?
Would you rather be a master at drawing or be an amazing singer?
Would you rather be famous when you are alive and forgotten when you die or unknown when you are alive but famous after you die?
Would you rather Speak your mind or never speak again?
Would you rather be able to make plants grow very quickly or be able to make it rain whenever you wanted?
Would you rather have everything on your phone right now (browsing history, photos, etc.) made public to anyone who searches your name or never use a cell phone again?
Would you rather be the fastest kid at your school or the smartest kid at your school?
Would you rather go skiing or go to a water park?
Would you rather vomit uncontrollably for one minute every time you hear the happy birthday song or get a headache that lasts for the rest of the day every time you see a bird (including in pictures or a video)?
Would you rather be able to shrink down to the size of an ant any time you wanted to or be able to grow to the size of a two-story building anytime you wanted to?
Would you rather only be to use a fork (no spoon) or only be able to use a spoon (no fork)?
Would you rather spend two years with your soul mate only to have them die and you never love again or spend your life with someone nice you settled for?
Would you rather live in a place that is always dusty or always humid?
Would you rather be an athlete in the Summer Olympics or the Winter Olympics?
Would you rather be able to see new colors that no other people could see or be able to hear things that no other humans can hear?
Would you rather be a famous director or a famous actor?
Would you rather be able to type/text very fast or be able to read really quickly?
Would you rather have every cat or dog that gets lost end up at your house or everyone’s clothes that they forget in the dryer get teleported to your house?
Would you rather have done something horribly embarrassing and only your best friend knows or not done something horribly embarrassing, but everyone except your best friend thinks you did it?
Would you rather be the author of a popular book or a musician in a band who released a popular album?
Would you rather everything you dream each night come true when you wake up or everything a randomly chosen person dreams each night come true when they wake up?
Would you rather Have no one to show up for your Wedding or your funeral?
Would you rather be able to talk to dogs or cats?
Would you rather eat a box of dry spaghetti noodles or two cups of uncooked rice?
Would you rather all conspiracy theories be true or live in a world where no leaders really know what they are doing?
If you were reborn in a new life, would you rather be alive in the past or future?
Would you rather read minds or accurately predict future?
Would you rather have everything in your house perfectly organized by a professional or have a professional event company throw the best party you’ve ever been to, in your honor?
Would you rather see a firework display or a circus performance?
Would you rather spend the rest of your life with a sailboat as your home or an RV as your home?
Would you rather go camping or stay in a hotel room?
Would you rather everything in your house be one color or every single wall and door be a different color?
Would you rather play soccer or baseball?
Would you rather be wildly popular on the social media platform of your choice or have an extremely popular podcast?
Would you rather ride in a hang glider or skydive?
Would you rather have a full suit of armor or a horse?
Would you rather Eat your dead friend or kill your dog and eat it when you are marooned on a lonely island?
Would you rather take amazing selfies, but all of your other pictures are horrible or take breathtaking photographs of anything but yourself?
Would you rather eat a whole raw onion or a whole lemon?
Would you rather be completely invisible for one day or be able to fly for one day?
Would you rather be infamous in history books or be forgotten after your death?
Would you rather be a practicing doctor or a medical researcher?
Would you rather be hired for a well-paying job that you lied to get and have no idea how to do or be about to give the most important presentation of your life but you can’t remember any of the material you prepared?
Would you rather walk around work or school for the whole day without realizing there is a giant brown stain on the back of your pants or realize the deadline for that important paper/project was yesterday, and you are nowhere near done?
Would you rather be in jail for a year or lose a year off your life?
Would you rather Leave your unemployed son homeless or pay for his dr#g habits and illegal activities?
Would you rather be able to read minds or see one day into the future?
Would you rather have unlimited sushi for life or unlimited tacos for life? (both are amazingly delicious and can be any type of sushi/taco you want)
Would you rather go snorkeling on a reef or camping by a lake?
Would you rather be able to see things that are very far away, like binoculars or be able to see things very close up, like a microscope?
Would you rather have an unlimited supply of ice cream or a popular ice cream flavor named after you?
Would you rather date someone you love or date someone who loves you?
Would you rather know how above or below average you are at everything or know how above or below average people are at one skill/talent just by looking at them?
Would you rather have everyone laugh at your jokes but not find anyone else’s jokes funny or have no one laugh at your jokes but you still find other people’s jokes funny?
Would you rather travel the world for a year all expenses paid or have $40,000 to spend on whatever you want?
Would you rather have a completely automated home or a self-driving car?
Would you rather be a famous inventor or a famous writer?
Would you rather never be able to eat any type meat again or never be able to eat things with sugar in them?
Would you rather be born again in a totally different life or born again with all the knowledge you have now?
Would you rather be able to change the color of anything with just a thought or know every language that has ever been spoken on Earth?
Would you rather ride a very big horse or a very small pony?
Would you rather visit the international space station for a week or stay in an underwater hotel for a week?
Would you rather be able to eat pancakes as much as you want without it hurting your health or be able to eat as much bacon as you want without it hurting your health?
Would you rather snitch on your best friend for a crime they committed or go to jail for the crime they committed?
Would you rather be alone for the rest of your life or always be surrounded by annoying people?
Would you rather live in a cave or a tree house?
Would you rather inherit 20 million dollars when you turn 18 or spend the time earning 50 million dollars through your hard work?
Would you rather have an easy job working for someone else or work for yourself but work incredibly hard?
Would you rather have one nipple or two belly buttons?
Would you rather not be able to see any colors or have mild but constant tinnitus (ringing in the ears)?
Would you rather be really good at skateboarding or really good at any video game you tried?
Would you rather never use social media sites/apps again or never watch another movie or TV show?
Would you rather live in a castle or a spaceship traveling far from earth?
Would you rather have pancakes every day for breakfast or pizza every day for dinner?
Would you rather have chapped lips that never heal or terrible dandruff that can’t be treated?
Would you rather be married to a 10 with a bad personality or a 6 with an amazing personality?
Would you rather have a clown only you can see that follows you everywhere and just stands silently in a corner watching you without doing or saying anything or have a real-life stalker who dresses like the Easter bunny that everyone can see?
Would you rather have hands that kept growing as you got older or feet that kept growing as you got older?
Would you rather have a flying carpet or a car that can drive underwater?
Would you rather never be able to eat meat or never be able to eat vegetables?
Would you rather be a wizard or a superhero?
Would you rather fly a kite or swing on a swing?
Would you rather have a special room you could fill with as many bubbles as you want, anytime you want or have a slide that goes from your roof to the ground?
Would you rather have a ten dollar bill or ten dollars in coins?
Would you rather have a personal life-sized robot or a jetpack?
Would you rather the general public think you are a horrible person, but your family is very proud of you, or your family thinks you are a horrible person, but the general public be very proud of you?
Would you rather eat no candy at Halloween or no turkey at Thanksgiving?
Would you rather live in the wilderness far from civilization with no human contact or live on the streets of a city as a homeless person?
Would you rather be constantly tired no matter how much you sleep or constantly hungry no matter how much you eat?
Would you rather be able to remember everything you’ve ever seen or heard or be able to perfectly imitate any voice you heard?
Would you rather have a private movie theater or your own private arcade?
Would you rather visit 100 years in the past or 100 years in the future?
Would you rather be a talented engineer or a talented coder?
Would you rather have plants grow at 20 times their normal rate when you are near or for people and animals to stop aging when you are near them?
Would you rather take a coding class or an art class?
Would you rather never have to work again or never have to sleep again (you won’t feel tired or suffer negative health effects)?
Would you rather it be impossible for you to be woken up for 11 straight hours every day, but you wake up feeling amazing, or you can be woken up normally but never feel totally rested?
Would you rather be a master at origami or a master of sleight of hand magic?
Would you rather give up all drinks except for water or give up eating anything that was cooked in an oven?
Would you rather go big or go home?
Would you rather be an average person in the present or a king of a large country 2500 years ago?
Would you rather be reincarnated as a fly or just cease to exist after you die?
Would you rather have all your clothes fit perfectly or have the most comfortable pillow, blankets, and sheets in existence?
Would you rather start a colony on another planet or be the leader of a small country on Earth?
Would you rather have super strong arms or super strong legs?
Would you rather Be able to talk your way out of any situation, or punch your way out of any situation?
Would you rather be the fastest swimmer on earth or the third fastest runner on earth?
Would you rather be famous but ridiculed or be just a normal person?
Would you rather ride a camel or ride a horse?
Would you rather eat a worm or a grasshopper?
Would you rather be a cyborg or a robot?
Would you rather find five dollars on the ground or find all your missing socks?
Would you rather have your very own house next to your parent’s house or live with your parents in a house that’s twice the size of the one you live in now?
Would you rather never be able to wear pants or never be able to wear shorts?
Would you rather have all animals feel compelled to obey you if you come within 10 feet of them or be given the opportunity to genetically design a pet that will be loyal only to you with the combined DNA of three animals?
Would you rather have amazingly fast typing/texting speed or be able to read ridiculously fast?
Would you rather use a push lawnmower with a bar that is far too high or far too low?
Would you rather play outdoors or indoors?
Would you rather eat a spoonful of wasabi or a spoonful of extremely spicy hot sauce?
Would you rather Win $50,000 or let your best friend win $500,000?
Would you rather have a horrible job, but be able to retire comfortably in 10 years or have your dream job, but have to work until the day you die?
Would you rather accidentally be responsible for the death of a child or accidentally be responsible for the deaths of three adults?
Would you rather be transported permanently 500 years into the future or 500 years into the past?
Would you rather fight for a cause you believe in, but doubt will succeed or fight for a cause that you only partially believe in but have a high chance of your cause succeeding?
Would you rather be able to control fire or water?
Would you rather know how you will die or when you will die?
Would you rather have any book you wanted for free or be able to watch any movie you wanted for free?
Would you rather move to a different city or move to a different country?
Would you rather do school work as a group or by yourself?
Would you rather become five years older or two years younger?
Would you rather know the uncomfortable truth of the world or believe a comforting lie?
Would you rather be able to speak any language but not be able to read in any of them or read any language but not be able to speak any of them?
Would you rather Live the life of a king with no family or friends or live like a vagabond with your friends or family?
Would you rather be able to control animals (but not humans) with your mind or control electronics with your mind?
Would you rather eat a ketchup sandwich or a Siracha sandwich?
Would you rather be able to change color to camouflage yourself or grow fifteen feet taller and shrink back down whenever you wanted?
Would you rather always feel like someone is following you, but no one is, or always feel like someone is watching you, even though no one is?
Would you rather live the next 10 years of your life in China or Russia?
Would you rather randomly time travel +/- 20 years every time you fart or teleport to a different place on earth (on land, not water) every time you sneeze?
Would you rather be able to learn everything in a book by putting it under your pillow while you slept or be able to control your dreams every night?
Would you rather wear a wedding dress/tuxedo every single day or wear a bathing suit every single day?
Would you rather End hunger or end your hunger?
Would you rather eat a sandwich made from 4 ingredients in your fridge chosen at random or eat a sandwich made by a group of your friends from 4 ingredients in your fridge?
Would you rather live in a house with see-through walls in a city or in the same see-through house but in the middle of a forest far from civilization?
Would you rather work very hard at a rewarding job or hardly have to work at a job that isn’t rewarding?
Would you rather watch a two-hour movie or watch two hours of shows?
Would you rather travel the world for a year on a shoestring budget or stay in only one country for a year but live in luxury?
Would you rather the aliens that make first contact be robotic or organic?
Would you rather hang out for an hour with 10 puppies or 10 kittens?
Would you rather be able to play the piano or the guitar?
Would you rather have eyes that change color depending on your mood or hair that changes color depending on the temperature?
Would you rather only wear one color each day or have to wear seven colors each day?
Would you rather be forced to kill one innocent person or five people who committed minor crimes?
Would you rather live in a house where all the walls were made of glass or live in an underground house?
Would you rather know the history of every object you touched or be able to talk to animals?
Would you rather have real political power but be relatively poor or be ridiculously rich and have no political power?
Would you rather have a pet dinosaur of your choosing or a dragon the size of a dog?
Would you rather have to fart loudly every time you have a serious conversation or have to burp after every kiss?
Would you rather read a book or read a magazine?
Would you rather be able to talk to animals and have them understand you, but you can’t understand them, or would you rather be able to understand what animals say but they can’t understand you?
Would you rather lay in a bathtub filled with worms for 5 minutes or lay in a bathtub filled with beetles that don’t bite for 5 minutes?
Would you rather have a bottomless box of Legos or a bottomless gas tank?
Would you rather have to read aloud every word you read or sing everything you say out loud?
Would you rather be able to be free from junk mail or free from email spam for the rest of your life?
Would you rather be able to teleport anywhere or be able to read minds?
Would you rather live in a haunted house where the ghosts ignore you and do their own thing or be a ghost in a house living out a pleasant and uneventful week from your life again and again?
Would you rather eat a hamburger or a hot dog?
Would you rather never lose your phone again or never lose your keys again?
Would you rather be forced to dance every time you heard music or be forced to sing along to any song you heard?
Would you rather have a golden voice or a silver tongue?
Would you rather be unable to have kids or only be able to conceive quintuplets?
Would you rather have your favorite artist perform a private show just for you or perform on stage next to your favorite artist for thousands of people?
Would you rather have an amazing tree house with slides and three rooms or an amazing entertainment system with a huge TV and every game console?
Would you rather have a horrible short-term memory or a horrible long-term memory?
Would you rather humans go to the moon again or go to mars?
Would you rather never have a toilet clog on you again or never have the power go out again?
Would you rather be able to go to any theme park in the world for free for the rest of your life or eat for free at any drive-through restaurant for the rest of your life?
Would you rather be given every Lego set that was ever made or get every new Lego set that comes out for free?
Would you rather swim in Jell-O or swim in Nutella?
Would you rather give up your love life or work life?
Would you rather have the power to gently nudge anyone’s decisions or have complete puppet master control of five people?
Would you rather have a bubble gun that shoots giant 5-foot bubbles or a bathtub-sized pile of Legos?
Would you rather never eat cheese again or never drink anything sweet again?
Would you rather Rule the World or live in a World with absolutely no problems at all?
Would you rather lose your best friend or all of your friends except for your best friend?
Would you rather everyone be required to wear identical silver jumpsuits or any time two people meet and are wearing an identical article of clothing they must fight to the death?
Would you rather know all the mysteries of the universe or know every outcome of every choice you make?
Would you rather be able to move wires around with your mind or be able to turn any carpeted floor into a six-foot deep pool of water?
Would you rather be fluent in all languages and never be able to travel or be able to travel anywhere for a year but never be able to learn a word of a different language?
Would you rather get tipsy from just one sip of alcohol and ridiculously drunk from just one alcoholic drink or never get drunk no matter how much alcohol you drank?
Would you rather all electrical devices mysteriously stop working (possibly forever) or the governments of the world are only run by people going through puberty?
Would you rather eat an egg with a half-formed chicken inside or eat ten cooked grasshoppers?
Would you rather be so afraid of heights that you can’t go to the second floor of a building or be so afraid of the sun that you can only leave the house on rainy days?
Would you rather ride a bike or ride a kick scooter?
Would you rather dance in front of 1000 people or sing in front of 1000 people?
Would you rather be covered in fur or covered in scales?
Would you rather blink twice the normal rate or not be able to blink for 5 minutes but then have to close your eyes for 10 seconds every 5 minutes?
Would you rather Speak all languages or be able to speak to all animals?
Would you rather go back to age 5 with everything you know now or know now everything your future self will learn?
Would you rather have 100$ now or 1000$ in a year?
Would you rather live low life with your loved one or rich life all alone?
Would you rather have a boomerang that would find and kill any one person of your choosing, anywhere in the world, but can only be used once or a boomerang that always returns to you with one dollar?
Would you rather be able to jump into any picture and instantly be in that place and time but able to return or would you rather be able to take pictures of the future, just stand in a place think of a time in the future and take a picture?
Would you rather live in a cave or live in a tree house?
Would you rather get one free round trip international plane ticket every year or be able to fly domestic anytime for free?
Would you rather eat only pizza for 1 year or eat no pizza for 1 year?
Would you rather eat rice with every meal and never be able to eat bread or eat bread with every meal and never be able to eat rice?
Would you rather have unlimited international first-class tickets or never have to pay for food at restaurants?
Would you rather be unable to use search engines or unable to use social media?
Would you rather ride a roller coaster or see a movie?
Would you rather be locked in a room that is constantly dark for a week or a room that is constantly bright for a week?
Would you rather thirty butterflies instantly appear from nowhere every time you sneeze or one very angry squirrel appear from nowhere every time you cough?
Would you rather brush your teeth with soap or drink sour milk?
Would you rather have your room redecorated however you want or ten toys of your choice (can be any price)?
Would you rather suddenly be elected a senator or suddenly become a CEO of a major company? (You won’t have any more knowledge about how to do either job than you do right now.)
Would you rather eat an apple or an orange?
Would you rather live your entire life in a virtual reality where all your wishes are granted or just in the normal real world?
Would you rather live in a base under the ocean or a floating base in the sky?
Would you rather be fluent in 10 languages or be able to code in 10 different programming languages?
Would you rather be an amazing painter or a brilliant mathematician?
Would you rather be able to create a new holiday or create a new sport?
Would you rather have skin that changes color based on your emotions or tattoos appear all over your body depicting what you did yesterday?
Would you rather have a map that shows you the location of anything you want to find and can be used again and again but has a margin of error of up to five miles or a device that allows you to find the location of anything you want with incredible accuracy but can only be used three times?
Would you rather be an amazing virtuoso at any instrument but only if you play naked or be able to speak any language but only if you close your eyes and dance while you are doing it?
Would you rather your only mode of transportation be a donkey or a giraffe?
Would you rather be able to eat any spicy food without a problem or never be bitten by another mosquito?
Would you rather be a millionaire by winning the lottery or by working 100 hours a week?
Would you rather have a house with trampoline floors or a house with aquarium floors?
Would you rather spend the whole day in a huge garden or spend the whole day in a large museum?
Would you rather never have to clean a bathroom again or never have to do dishes again?
Would you rather clean rest stop toilets or work in a slaughterhouse for a living?
Would you rather eat a popsicle or a cupcake?
Would you rather sneeze uncontrollably for 15 minutes once every day or sneeze once every 3 minutes of the day while you are awake?
Would you rather Be extremely underweight or extremely overweight?
Would you rather live in a utopia as a normal person or in a dystopia but you are the supreme ruler?
Would you rather write a novel that will be widely considered the most important book in the past 200 years, but you and the book will only be appreciated after your death or be the most famous erotica writer of your generation?
Would you rather go to the doctor for a shot or the dentist to get a cavity filled?
Would you rather have a real triceratops or a robot triceratops? (Both are the same size.)
Would you rather go on vacation to a new country every summer vacation or get an extra three weeks of summer break?
Would you rather eat one live nonpoisonous spider or have fifty nonpoisonous spiders crawl on you all at once?
Would you rather never be able to leave your own country or never be able to fly in an airplane?
Would you rather never have to sleep or never have to eat?
Would you rather open one 5$ present every day or one big present that costs between 100$ to 300$ once a month?
Would you rather be able to move silently or have an incredibly loud and scary voice?
Would you rather every shirt you ever wear be kind of itchy or only be able to use 1 ply toilet paper?
Would you rather it be warm and raining or cold and snowing today?
Would you rather have someone secretly give you LSD on a random day and time once every 6 months or have everyone in the world all take LSD at the same time once every 5 years?
Would you rather be the best in the world at climbing trees or the best in the world at jumping rope?
Would you rather have no homework or no tests?
Would you rather have super strength or super speed?
Would you rather eat smores or cupcakes?
Would you rather never be able to use a touchscreen or never be able to use a keyboard and mouse?
Would you rather Have a dog with a cat’s personality or a cat with a dog’s personality?
Would you rather live until you are 200 but look like you are 200 the whole time even though you are healthy or look like you are 25 all the way until you die at age 65?
Would you rather work alone on a school project or work with others on a school project?
Would you rather be an amazing artist but not be able to see any of the art you created or be an amazing musician but not be able to hear any of the music you create?
Would you rather be a reverse centaur or a reverse mermaid/merman?
Would you rather have all dogs try to attack you when they see you or all birds try to attack you when they see you?
Would you rather get to name a newly discovered tree or a newly discovered spider?
Would you rather dance or draw?
Would you rather have constantly dry eyes or a constant runny nose?
Would you rather play on swings or play on a slide?
Would you rather never have to take a bath/shower but still always smell nice or never have to get another shot but still be healthy?
Would you rather be compelled to high five everyone you meet or be compelled to give wedgies to anyone in a green shirt?
Would you rather drive a police car or an ambulance?
Would you rather be completely insane and know that you are insane or completely insane and believe you are sane?
Would you rather stay a kid until you turn 80 or instantly turn 40?
Would you rather eat broccoli flavored ice cream or meat flavored cookies?
Would you rather be famous for inventing a deadly new weapon or invent something that helps the world but someone else gets all the credit for inventing it?
Would you rather have an amazing tree house or your whole yard be a trampoline?
Would you rather be amazing at drawing and painting or be able to remember everything you ever read?
Would you rather sell all of your possessions or sell one of your organs?
Would you rather meet your favorite celebrity or be on a TV show?
Would you rather have three kids and no money, or no kids with three million dollars?
Would you rather have a magic carpet that flies or a see-through submarine?
Would you rather have edible spaghetti hair that regrows every night or sweat (not sweet) maple syrup?
Would you rather be held in high regard by your parents or your friends?
Would you rather be able to remember everything in every book you read or remember every conversation you have?
Would you rather never sweat again but not be more prone to heat stroke or never feel cold again but cold still physically affects you (i.e., you can freeze to death)?
Would you rather go to the beach or go to the zoo?
Would you rather ride a roller coaster or go down a giant water slide?
Would you rather only be able to walk on all fours or only be able to walk sideways like a crab?
Would you rather there be a perpetual water balloon war going on in your city/town or a perpetual food fight?
Would you rather be incredibly funny or incredibly smart?
Would you rather live a comfortable and peaceful life in the woods in a small cabin without much human interaction or a life full of conflict and entertainment in a mansion in a city?
Would you rather have a very powerful telescope or a very powerful microscope?
Would you rather be beautiful/handsome but stupid or intelligent but ugly?
Would you rather give up watching TV/movies for a year or give up playing games for a year?
Would you rather get every Lego set that comes out for free or every new video game system that comes out for free?
Would you rather have a magic freezer that always has all your favorite ice cream flavors or one that has a different ice cream flavor every time you open the door?
Would you rather have 10 mosquito bites or 1 bee sting?
Would you rather have a tail that can’t grab things or wings that can’t fly?
Would you rather be incredibly luck with average intelligence or incredibly smart with average luck?
Would you rather be really good at math or really good at sports?
Would you rather be a bowling champion or a curling champion?
Would you rather randomly turn into a frog for a day once a month or randomly turn into a bird for a day once every week?
Would you rather be the first person to explore a planet or be the inventor of a drug that cures a deadly disease?
Would you rather live in a place with a lot of trees or live in a place near the ocean?
Would you rather move to a country and city of your choice or stay in your own country but not be able to decide where you moved?
Would you rather fly an airplane or drive a fire truck?
Would you rather be able to talk to land animals, animals that fly, or animals that live under the water?
Would you rather Continue with your life or restart it?
Would you rather End death due to car accidents or end terrorism?
Would you rather live in a house shaped like a circle or a house shaped like a triangle?
Would you rather have everything you eat be too salty or not salty enough no matter how much salt you add?
Would you rather become twice as strong when both of your fingers are stuck in your ears or crawl twice as fast as you can run?
Would you rather Have free Wi-Fi wherever you go or have free coffee where/whenever you want?
Would you rather Be the funniest person in the room or the most intelligent?
Would you rather live in a house in the forest where there aren’t many people around or live in a city with lots of people around?
Would you rather live in an amusement park or a zoo?
Would you rather every vegetable you eat taste like candy but still be healthy or all water you drink taste like a different delicious beverage every time you drink it?
Would you rather be able to read lips or know sign language?
Would you rather not be able to open any closed doors (locked or unlocked) or not be able to close any open doors?
Would you rather instantly become a grown up or stay the age you are now for another two years?
Would you rather have a cupcake or a piece of cake?
Would you rather eat a bowl of spaghetti noodles without sauce or a bowl of spaghetti sauce without noodles?
Would you rather go back to the past and meet your loved ones who passed away or go to the future to meet your children or grandchildren to be?
Would you rather be feared by all or loved by all?
Would you rather eat a turkey sandwich with vanilla ice cream inside or eat vanilla ice cream with bits of turkey inside?
Would you rather be able to control fire or water?
Would you rather be able to find anything that was lost or every time you touched someone they would be unable to lie?
Would you rather have a new silly hat appear in your closet every morning or a new pair of shoes appear in your closet once a week?
Would you rather Have a billion dollars to your name or spend $1000 for each hungry and homeless person?
Would you rather never have any homework or be paid 10$ per hour for doing your homework?
Would you rather be poor but help people or become incredibly rich by hurting people?
Would you rather be forced to eat only spicy food or only incredibly bland food?
Would you rather be a famous musician or a famous business owner?
Would you rather eat your favorite food every day or find 5 dollars under your pillow every morning?
Would you rather see what was behind every closed door or be able to guess the combination of every safe on the first try?
Would you rather be able to jump as far as a kangaroo or hold your breath as long as a whale?
Would you rather lose all your money and valuables or all the pictures you have ever taken?
Would you rather End the life a single human being or 100 cute baby animals?
Would you rather be able to control the length of your hair with your mind or be able to control the length of your fingernails with your mind? (Hair and nails grow/shrink about 1 inch in 10 seconds.)
Would you rather learn to surf or learn to ride a skateboard?
Would you rather find your true love or a suitcase with five million dollars inside?
Would you rather live on a sailboat or in a cabin deep in the woods?
Would you rather drive a race car or fly a helicopter?
Would you rather 5% of the population have telepathy, or 5% of the population have telekinesis? You are not part of the 5% that has telepathy or telekinesis.
Would you rather eat a bowl of spaghetti that was just one long noodle or eat ice cream launched from a catapult?
Would you rather be in debt for $100,000 or never be able to make more than $3,500 a month?
Would you rather have a criminal justice system that actually works and is fair or an administrative branch that is free of corruption?
Would you rather Reverse one decision you make every day or be able to stop time for 10 seconds every day?
Would you rather have a piggy bank that doubles any money you put in it or find ten dollars under your pillow every time you wake up?
Would you rather have everything you draw become real but be permanently terrible at drawing or be able to fly but only as fast as you can walk?
Would you rather have unlimited amounts of any material you want to build a house, but you have to build the house all by yourself or have a famed architect design and build you a modest house?
Would you rather own a hot air balloon or an airboat?
Would you rather be an actor/actress in a movie or write a movie script that would be made into a movie?
Would you rather super sensitive taste or super sensitive hearing?
Would you rather be able to dodge anything no matter how fast it’s moving or be able to ask any three questions and have them answered accurately?
Would you rather sail a boat or ride in a hang glider?
Would you rather live on the beach or in a cabin in the woods?
Would you rather be the absolute best at something that no one takes seriously or be well above average but not anywhere near the best at something well respected?
Would you rather have a room with whiteboard walls that you can draw on or a room where the whole ceiling is one big skylight?
Would you rather visit every country in the World or be able to play any musical instrument?
Would you rather have all traffic lights you approach be green or never have to stand in line again?
Would you rather know when you are going to die or how you are going to die? (You can’t change the time or method of your death.)
Would you rather never have another embarrassing fall in public or never feel the need to pass gas in public again?
Would you rather own an old-timey pirate ship and crew or a private jet with a pilot and infinite fuel?
Would you rather drink orange juice or milk?
Would you rather wake up each morning to find that a random animal appendage has replaced your nondominant arm or permanently replace your bottom half with an animal bottom of your choice (not human)?
Would you rather get away with lying every time or always know that someone is lying?
Would you rather have an elephant-sized cat or a cat-sized elephant?
Would you rather be only able to watch the few movies with a Rotten Tomatoes score of 95-100% or only be able to watch the majority of movies with a Rotten Tomatoes score of 94% and lower?
Would you rather have a jetpack or a jet?
Would you rather do a book report or a science project for a school assignment?
Would you rather have the chance to design a new toy or create a new TV show?
Would you rather be a falcon or a dolphin?
Would you rather be unable to control how fast you talk or unable to control how loud you talk?
Would you rather have a 3d printer or the best phone on the market?
Would you rather never be able to drink sodas like coke again or only be able to drink sodas and nothing else?
Would you rather play in a giant mud puddle or a pool?
Would you rather always have a great body for your entire life but have slightly below average intelligence or have a mediocre body for your entire life but be slightly above average in intelligence?
Would you rather have someone impersonating you and doing really amazing things that you get the credit for or find money hidden in weird places all around your house every day but you can’t figure out where the money comes from or how it keeps getting there?
Would you rather it never stops snowing (the snow never piles up) or never stops raining (the rain never causes floods)?
Would you rather own a mouse or a rat?
Would you rather Look 10 years older from the neck up, or the neck down?
Would you rather have ninja-like skills or have amazing coding skills in any language?
Would you rather have a horribly corrupt government or no government?
Would you rather all plants scream when you cut them / pick their fruit or animals beg for their lives before they are killed?
Would you rather not need to eat and never be hungry or not need to drink and never be thirsty?
Would you rather be able to change colors like a chameleon or hold your breath underwater for an hour?
Would you rather have fireworks go off every evening for an hour or have Christmas three times a year?
Would you rather Run at 100 mph or fly at ten mph?
Would you rather be put in a maximum-security federal prison with the hardest of the hardened criminals for one year or be put in a relatively relaxed prison where wall street types are held for ten years?
Would you rather be an incredibly fast swimmer or an incredibly fast runner?
Would you rather be able to see 10 minutes into your own future or 10 minutes into the future of anyone but yourself?
Would you rather move to a new city or town every week or never be able to leave the city or town you were born in?
Would you rather be able to talk to animals or be able to fly?
Would you rather ride in a hang glider or ride in a helicopter?
Would you rather have out of control body hair or a strong, pungent body odor?
Would you rather have everything you draw become real or become a superhero of your choice?
Would you rather never be stuck in traffic again or never get another cold?
Would you rather be able to type faster than anyone or speak faster than anyone?
Would you rather be fantastic at riding horses or amazing at driving dirt bikes?
Would you rather always be 10 minutes late or always be 20 minutes early?
Would you rather be too hot or too cold?
Would you rather have whatever you are thinking to appear above your head for everyone to see or have absolutely everything you do live streamed for anyone to see?
Would you rather live under a sky with no stars at night or live under a sky with no clouds during the day?
Would you rather have a pet penguin or a pet Komodo dragon?
Would you rather have all corporations know all of your computer usage or the government know all of your computer usage?
Would you rather Have a Lamborghini in your garage or a bookcase with 9000 books and infinite knowledge?
Would you rather be a detective or a pilot?
Would you rather control the outcome of any coin flip or be unbeatable at rock, paper, scissors?
Would you rather lose the ability to read or lose the ability to speak?
Would you rather Skinny dip with your classmate or with a stranger?
Would you rather own a restaurant or be a chef?
Would you rather get up early or stay up late?
Would you rather have seven fingers on each hand or have seven toes on each foot?
Would you rather never get angry or never be envious?
Would you rather live without the internet or live without AC and heating?
Would you rather be a scientist or be the boss of a company?
Would you rather be a babysitter or a dog sitter?
Would you rather never get a paper cut again or never get something stuck in your teeth again?
Would you rather donate your body to science or donate your organs to people who need them?
Would you rather Swim 300 meters through shit or dead bodies?
Would you rather be bulletproof or be able to survive falls from any height?
Would you rather give up bathing for a month or give up the internet for a month?
Would you rather have free Wi-Fi wherever you go or be able to drink unlimited free coffee at any coffee shop?
Would you rather wake up as a new random person every year and have full control of them for the whole year or once a week spend a day inside a stranger without having any control of them?
Would you rather be able to do flips and backflips or break dance?
Would you rather drink every meal as a smoothie or never be able to eat food that has been cooked?
Would you rather earbuds and headphones never sit right on / in your ears or have all music either slightly too quiet or slightly too loud?
Would you rather live without hot water for showers/baths or live without a washing machine?
Would you rather taste the best pizza that has ever existed once but never again or have the 4th best pizza restaurant in the world within delivery distance?
Would you rather be lost in a bad part of town or lost in the forest?
Would you rather get a new pair of shoes or a jacket?
Would you rather Experience the beginning of planet earth or the end of planet earth?
Would you rather have the power to shrink things to half their size or the power to enlarge things to twice their size?
Would you rather die in 20 years with no regrets or die in 50 years with many regrets?
Would you rather your shirts be always two sizes too big or one size too small?
Would you rather never run out of battery power for whatever phone and tablet you own or always have free Wi-Fi wherever you go?
Would you rather go to jail for 4 years for something you didn’t do or get away with something horrible you did but always live in fear of being caught?
Would you rather be an amazing photographer or an amazing writer?
Would you rather be able to watch any movies you want a week before they are released or always know what will be trendy before it becomes a trend?
Would you rather wake up every morning with a new hundred-dollar bill in your pocket but not know where it came from or wake up every morning with a new fifty-dollar bill in your pocket and know where it comes from?
Would you rather dance or sing?
Would you rather live in virtual reality where you are all powerful or live in the real world and be able to go anywhere but not be able to interact with anyone or anything?
Would you rather play hide and seek or dodgeball?
Would you rather always be able to see 5 minutes into the future or always be able to see 100 years into the future?
Would you rather go snow skiing or water skiing?