What weird food combinations do you really enjoy?
What social stigma does society need to get over?
What food have you never eaten but would really like to try?
What’s something you really resent paying for?
What would a world populated by clones of you be like?
Do you think that aliens exist?
What are you currently worried about?
Where are some unusual places you’ve been?
Where do you get your news?
What are some red flags to watch out for in daily life?
What movie can you watch over and over without ever getting tired of?
When you are old, what do you think children will ask you to tell stories about?
If you could switch two movie characters, what switch would lead to the most inappropriate movies?
What inanimate object would be the most annoying if it played loud upbeat music while being used?
When did something start out badly for you but in the end, it was great?
How would your country change if everyone, regardless of age, could vote?
What animal would be cutest if scaled down to the size of a cat?
If your job gave you a surprise three day paid break to rest and recuperate, what would you do with those three days?
What’s wrong but sounds right?
What’s the most epic way you’ve seen someone quit or be fired?
If you couldn’t be convicted of any one type of crime, what criminal charge would you like to be immune to?
What’s something that will always be in fashion, no matter how much time passes?
What actors or actresses play the same character in almost every movie or show they do?
In the past people were buried with the items they would need in the afterlife, what would you want buried with you so you could use it in the afterlife?
What’s the best / worst practical joke that you’ve played on someone or that was played on you?
Who do you go out of your way to be nice to?
Where do you get most of the decorations for your home?
What food is delicious but a pain to eat?
Who was your craziest / most interesting teacher
What “old person” things do you do?
What was the last photo you took?
What is the most amazing slow motion video you’ve seen?
Which celebrity do you think is the most down to earth?
What would be the worst thing to hear as you are going under anesthesia before heart surgery?
What’s the spiciest thing you’ve ever eaten?
What’s the most expensive thing you’ve broken?
What obstacles would be included in the World’s most amazing obstacle course?
What makes you roll your eyes every time you hear it?
What do you think you are much better at than you actually are?
Should kidneys be able to be bought and sold?
What’s the most creative use of emojis you’ve ever seen?
When was the last time you got to tell someone “I told you so  ”?
What riddles do you know?
What’s your cure for hiccups?
What invention doesn’t get a lot of love, but has greatly improved the world?
What’s the most interesting building you’ve ever seen or been in?
What mythical creature do you wish actually existed?
What are your most important rules when going on a date?
How do you judge a person?
If someone narrated your life, who would you want to be the narrator?
What was the most unsettling film you’ve seen?
What unethical experiment would have the biggest positive impact on society as a whole?
When was the last time you were snooping, and found something you wish you hadn’t?
Which celebrity or band has the worst fan base?
What are you interested in that most people aren’t?
If you were given a PhD degree, but had no more knowledge of the subject of the degree besides what you have now, what degree would you want to be given to you?
What smartphone feature would you actually be excited for a company to implement?
What’s something people don’t worry about but really should?
What movie quotes do you use on a regular basis?
Do you think that children born today will have better or worse lives than their parents?
What’s the funniest joke you know by heart?
When was the last time you felt you had a new lease on life?
What’s the funniest actual name you’ve heard of someone having?
Which charity or charitable cause is most deserving of money?
What TV show character would it be the most fun to change places with for a week?
What was cool when you were young but isn’t cool now?
If you were moving to another country, but could only pack one carry-on sized bag, what would you pack?
What’s the most ironic thing you’ve seen happen?
If magic was real, what spell would you try to learn first?
If you were a ghost and could possess people, what would you make them do?
What goal do you think humanity is not focused enough on achieving?
What problem are you currently grappling with?
What character in a movie could have been great, but the actor they cast didn’t fit the role?
What game have you spent the most hours playing?
What’s the most comfortable bed or chair you’ve ever been in?
What’s the craziest conversation you’ve overheard?
What’s the hardest you’ve ever worked?
What movie, picture, or video always makes you laugh no matter how often you watch it?
What artist or band do you always recommend when someone asks for a music recommendation?
If you could have an all-expenses paid trip to see any famous world monument, which monument would you choose?
If animals could talk, which animal would be the most annoying?
What’s the most addicted to a game you’ve ever been?
What’s the coldest you’ve ever been?
Which protagonist from a book or movie would make the worst roommate?
Do you eat food that’s past its expiration date if it still smells and looks fine?
What’s the most ridiculous thing you have bought?
What’s the funniest comedy skit you’ve seen?
What’s the most depressing meal you’ve eaten?
What tips or tricks have you picked up from your job / jobs?
What outdoor activity haven’t you tried, but would like to?
What songs hit you with a wave of nostalgia every time you hear them?
What’s the worst backhanded compliment you could give someone?
What’s the most interesting documentary you’ve ever watched?
What was the last song you sang along to?
What’s the funniest thing you’ve done or had happen while your mind was wandering?
What app can you not believe someone hasn’t made yet?
When was the last time you face palmed?
If you were given five million dollars to open a small museum, what kind of museum would you create?
Which of your vices or bad habits would be the hardest to give up?
What really needs to be modernized?
When was the last time you slept more than nine hours?
How comfortable are you speaking in front of large groups of people?
What’s your worst example of procrastination?
Who has zero filter between their brain and mouth?
What was your most recent lie?
When was the last time you immediately regretted something you said?
What would be the best thing you could reasonably expect to find in a cave?
What did you think was going to be amazing but turned out to be horrible?
What bit of trivia do you know that is very interesting but also very useless?
What’s the silliest thing you’ve seen someone get upset about?
What animal or plant do you think should be renamed?
What was the best thing that happened to you today?
As a child, what did you think would be awesome about being an adult, but isn’t as awesome as you thought it would be?
When’s censorship warranted?
What’s the most boring super hero you can come up with?
What would be some of the downsides of certain superpowers?
What word is a lot of fun to say?
What current trend do you hope will go on for a long time?
What actors or actresses can’t play a different character because they played their most famous character too well?
Where’s your go to restaurant for amazing food?
What’s something that all your friends agree on?
What’s your best story from a wedding?
What languages do you wish you could speak?
What’s the most pleasant sounding accent?
What’s something that everyone, absolutely everyone, in the entire world can agree on?
What country is the strangest?
What’s the funniest word in the English language?
What’s some insider knowledge that only people in your line of work have?
Who do you wish you could get back into contact with?
How do you make yourself sleep when you can’t seem to get to sleep?
If people receive a purple heart for bravery, what would other color hearts represent?
What are some of the best vacations you’ve had?
If there was a book of commandments for the modern world, what would some of the rules be?
What’s the craziest video you’ve ever seen?
What’s your “Back in my day, we…”?
If you could know the truth behind every conspiracy, but you would instantly die if you hinted that you knew the truth, would you want to know?
What animal would be the most terrifying if it could speak?
What’s the worst hairstyle you’ve ever had?
What habit do you have now that you wish you started much earlier?
If you were given one thousand acres of land that you didn’t need to pay taxes on but couldn’t sell, what would you do with it?
What about the opposite sex confuses you the most?
When was the last time you yelled at someone?
What’s the opposite of a koala?
What kinds of things do you like to cook or are good at cooking?
What life skills are rarely taught but extremely useful?
What movie universe would be the worst to live out your life in?
If you could hack into any one computer, which computer would you choose?
Who do you feel like you know even though you’ve never met them?
What’s the most ridiculous animal on the planet?
What’s the worst thing you’ve eaten out of politeness?
What’s the most historic thing that has happened in your lifetime?
What happens in your country regularly that people in most countries would find strange or bizarre?
What has been blown way out of proportion?
When was a time you acted nonchalant but were going crazy inside?
What’s about to get much better?
What are some clever examples of misdirection you’ve seen?
What’s your funniest story involving a car?
What would be the click-bait titles of some popular movies?
If you built a themed hotel, what would the theme be and what would the rooms look like?
What scientific discovery would change the course of humanity overnight if it was discovered?
Do you think that humans will ever be able to live together in harmony?
What would your perfect bar look like?
What’s the scariest non-horror movie?
What’s the most amazing true story you’ve heard?
What’s the grossest food that you just can’t get enough of?
What brand are you most loyal to?
What’s the most awkward thing that happens to you on a regular basis?
If you had to disappear and start a whole new life, what would you want your new life to look like?
What movie or book do you know the most quotes from?
What was one of the most interesting concerts you’ve been to?
Where are you not welcome anymore?
What do you think could be done to improve the media?
What’s the most recent show you’ve binge watched?
What’s the worst movie trope?
What’s a common experience for many people that you’ve never experienced?
What are some misconceptions about your hobby?
What’s the smartest thing you’ve seen an animal do?
What’s the most annoying noise?
What’s your haunted house story?
What did you Google last?
What’s the dumbest thing someone has argued with you about?
If money and practicality weren’t a problem, what would be the most interesting way to get around town?
What’s the longest rabbit hole you’ve been down?
What’s the saddest scene in a movie or TV series?
What’s the most frustrating product you own?
What inconsequential super power would you like to have?
What qualities do all your friends have in common?
What odd smell do you really enjoy?
What’s the coolest animal you’ve seen in the wild?
What’s the best lesson you’ve learned from a work of fiction?
What food do you crave most often?
Who in your life has the best / worst luck?
What fashion trend makes you cringe or laugh every time you see it?
What’s your best story of you or someone else trying to be sneaky and failing miserably?
Which apocalyptic dystopia do you think is most likely?
If you had a HUD that showed three stats about any person you looked at, what three stats would you want it to show?
What’s the funniest thing you’ve seen a kid do?
What’s your secret talent?
What’s the best way you or someone you know has gotten out of a ticket / trouble with the law?
Tear gas makes people cry and laughing gas makes people giggle, what other kinds of gases do you wish existed?
Bermuda Warwick Long Bay Beach
What’s the most beautiful beach you’ve been to?
What’s the most anxiety inducing thing you do on a regular basis?
What’s something that everyone agrees we should change, but somehow it never changes?
What trend are you tired of?
What’s incredibly cheap and you would pay way more for?
What’s your grossest bug story?
What would the adult version of an ice-cream truck sell and what song would it play?
What company do you despise?
When was the most inappropriate time you busted out in laughter?
What would be an accurate tag line for each month?
What’s the most overrated product out on the market?
What word do you always misspell?
What naps are the most satisfying?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve found lying on the ground / side of the road?
What’s the funniest TV show you’ve ever seen?
What’s the most embarrassing story from your childhood?
What animal is the most majestic?
What’s something that everyone knows is true, but we don’t like to admit it?
What’s the weirdest text or email you’ve gotten?
What always cheers you up when you think about it?
What sport could you play the longest in a televised game, without anyone discovering you aren’t a professional athlete?
If you could talk to animals and they would understand you, but you couldn’t understand them, what would you do with that power?
What’s the most boring sport, and what would you do to make it more exciting?
What’s the creepiest tech out there?
Who did you use to look up to, but they screwed up and you lost faith in them?
What’s fine in small numbers but terrifying in large numbers?
Do you like things to be carefully planned or do you prefer to just go with the flow?
What animal would you most like to eat?
What fictional characters have you had a crush on over the years?
What would the box with all your hopes and dreams inside look like?
What was the worst shopping experience you’ve ever had?
What story you’ve heard has stayed with you and always disturbs you every time you think about it?
What was the most important appointment or deadline you missed?
If you were a clown themed super hero, what powers would you have?
If you could airdrop anything you want, worth two million dollars or less, anywhere you want, what would you airdrop and where would you airdrop it?
If you lived in a virtual reality world of your own creation, what would it look like?
What escalated very quickly?
What two things are terrible when separate but great when you put them together?
What did you believe for way too long as a child?
What big event do you think will happen soon that most people aren’t expecting?
What still makes you cringe when you think back on it?
What current trend makes no sense to you?
If you owned a restaurant, what kind of food would it serve?
Which celebrity is the most likely to have a collection of canes that are just for show?
What’s the weirdest crush you’ve had?
What do a lot of people have very strong opinions about, even though they know very little about it?
What’s your go to casino game?
An epic feast is held in your honor, what’s on the table?
What’s your favorite holiday movie?
Who is the most manipulative person you’ve ever met?
Who is the most creative person you know?
What’s the funniest pick up line you’ve heard?
What seemingly innocent question makes you think “It’s a trap!”?
How ambitious are you?
What did you like / dislike about where you grew up?
What elements of pop culture will be forever tied in your mind to your childhood?
What’s your good luck charm?
What’s legal now, but probably won’t be in      years?
Would you want the ability to hear the thoughts of people near you if you couldn’t turn the ability off?
When was the last time you stayed up through the entire night?
What’s something that people think makes them look cool, but actually has the opposite effect?
What’s the oldest thing you own?
What has someone borrowed but never given back?
Where is the best place you’ve been for taking walks?
If cartoon physics suddenly replaced real physics, what are some things you would want to try?
What from the present will withstand the test of time?
Who in your life is the worst at using technology?
What’s the weirdest conversation you’ve eavesdropped on?
What just around the corner tech are you eager to get your hands on?
What was the darkest movie you’ve ever seen?
What do you do when you hear something fall in the middle of the night while you are in bed?
What outfit could you put together from clothes you own to get the most laughs?
What’s the most disgusting sounding word in the English language?
What was ruined because it became popular?
What outdated slang do you use on a regular basis?
What was the biggest realization you had about yourself?
What’s your best example of easy come, easy go?
What small change greatly improves a person’s appearance?
What topic could you spend hours talking about?
What happens regularly that would horrify a person from        years ago?
What do a lot of people hope will happen but is just not going to happen?
What’s the weirdest thing that has happened to you while working at your job?
What questions would you like to ask a time traveler from        years in the future?
Which way should toilet paper hang, over or under?
What’s the most physically painful thing you’ve ever experienced?
What horror story do you have from a job you’ve had?
What’s the most rage inducing game you’ve ever played?
What’s the biggest overreaction you’ve ever seen?
What are some of the most common misconceptions?
What job doesn’t exist now but will exist in the future?
What awful movie do you love?
What normally delicious food gets ruined when you wrap it in a tortilla?
What’s your best example of fake it till you make it?
What were you completely certain of until you found out you were wrong?
What’s something commonly done that gets progressively weirder the more you think about it?
What’s the cutest thing you can imagine? Something so cute it’s almost painful
If you were given unlimited resources, how would you lure the worst of humanity into one stadium at the same time?
What do you think about when you hear the word “classy”?
What near future predictions do you have?
What do you need help with most often?
What piece of “art” would you create if you had to pretend to be an artist and submit something to a gallery?
What do you do to make the world a better place?
What’s the best and worst thing about the country you are from?
If you were in charge renaming things so that their names would be more accurate, what names would you come up with?
What’s better broken than whole?
What values are most important to you?
What’s the best sandwich you’ve ever had?
What’s the worst thing you ate from a fast food restaurant?
What’s something that I don’t know?
What profession doesn’t get enough credit or respect?
What memory of yours feels real but is most likely false?
What’s your “and then it got worse” story?
What was the most amazing physical feat you’ve managed to pull off?
What’s the most annoying thing about the social media platform you use most often?
If you were hired to show tourists what life is really like where you live, what would you show them / have them do?
What would be the most unsettling thing to keep occasionally finding around your house?
What nicknames do you have for people in your life?
What does the opposite sex do that you wish that you could do, but it’s not anatomically feasible or it’s socially frowned upon?
How much do you plan / prepare for the future?
What do you hate most and love most about your car?
What weird potato chip flavor that doesn’t exist would you like to try?
What’s the silliest thing you’ve convinced someone of?
How much do you think names affect the outcomes of people’s lives?
What product or service is way more expensive than it needs to be?
What’s the shadiest thing you’ve seen someone do?
What was the last situation where some weird stuff went down and everyone acted like it was normal, and you weren’t sure if you were crazy or everyone around you was crazy?
What did you eat so much of that now you hate it?
What are some of the dumbest lyrics you’ve heard in a song?
Where’s the line between soup and cereal?
What word do you always mispronounce?
What do you think you do better than     % of people?
What would be the worst food to be liquefied and drunk through a straw?
What’s the weirdest thing about modern life that people just accept as normal?
How much of your body would you cybernetically enhance if you could?
If you wanted to slowly drive a roommate insane using only notes, what kind of notes would you leave around the house?
If you had a giraffe that you needed to hide, where would you hide it?
What’s the clumsiest thing you’ve done?
What songs do you only know the chorus to?
Think of a brand, now what would an honest slogan for that brand be?
What’s something common from your childhood that will seem strange to future generations?
What’s the most amazing place in nature you’ve been?
What’s quickly becoming obsolete?
Where is the most uncomfortable place you have ever slept?
What’s the most annoying animal you’ve encountered?
What’s your best example of correlation not equaling causation?
In what situations, do you wish you could throw down a smoke bomb and disappear?
When was the last time you were hopelessly lost?
What songs do you feel compelled to sing along with when you hear them, even if you don’t totally know all the words?
What product do you wish a company would make a “smart” version of?
What two films would you like to combine into one?
Given the choice of anyone in the world, whom would you want as a dinner guest?
Would you like to be famous? In what way?
Before making a telephone call, do you ever rehearse what you are going to say? Why?
What would constitute a “perfect” day for you?
When did you last sing to yourself? To someone else?
If you were able to live to the age of 90 and retain either the mind or body of a 30-year-old for the last 60 years of your life, which would you want?
Do you have a secret hunch about how you will die?
Name three things you and your friends appear to have in common.
For what in your life do you feel most grateful?
If you could change anything about the way you were raised, what would it be?
Take four minutes and tell your friends your life story in as much detail as possible.
If you could wake up tomorrow having gained any one quality or ability, what would it be?
If a crystal ball could tell you the truth about yourself, your life, the future or anything else, what would you want to know?
Is there something that you’ve dreamed of doing for a long time? Why haven’t you done it?
What is the greatest accomplishment of your life?
What do you value most in a friendship?
What is your most treasured memory?
What is your most terrible memory?
If you knew that in one year you would die suddenly, would you change anything about the way you are now living? Why?
What does friendship mean to you?
What roles do love and affection play in your life?
Alternate sharing something you consider a positive characteristic of your friends. Share a total of five items.
How close and warm is your family? Do you feel your childhood was happier than most other people’s?
How do you feel about your relationship with your mother?
Choose a friend. Make three true “we” statements each. For instance, “We are both in this room feeling … “
Complete this sentence: “I wish I had someone with whom I could share … “
If you were going to become a close friend with your friend, please share what would be important for him or her to know.
Tell your friends what you like about them; be very honest this time, saying things that you might not say to someone you’ve just met.
Share with your friends an embarrassing moment in your life.
When did you last cry in front of another person? By yourself?
Tell your friends something that you like about them already.
What, if anything, is too serious to be joked about?
If you were to die this evening with no opportunity to communicate with anyone, what would you most regret not having told someone? Why haven’t you told them yet?
If you were to die this evening with no opportunity to communicate with anyone, what would you most regret not having told someone? Why haven’t you told them yet?
Your house, containing everything you own, catches fire. After saving your loved ones and pets, you have time to safely make a final dash to save any one item. What would it be? Why?
Of all the people in your family, whose death would you find most disturbing? Why?
Share a personal problem and ask your friend’s advice on how he or she might handle it. Also, ask your friends to reflect back to you how you seem to be feeling about the problem you have chosen.
Who is your hero?
If you could live anywhere, where would it be?
What is your biggest fear?
What is your favorite family vacation?
What would you change about yourself if you could?
What really makes you angry?
What motivates you to work hard?
What is your favorite thing about your career?
What is your biggest complaint about your job?
What is your proudest accomplishment?
What is your child's proudest accomplishment?
What is your favorite book to read?
What makes you laugh the most?
What was the last movie you went to? What did you think?
What did you want to be when you were small?
What does your child want to be when he/she grows up?
If you could choose to do anything for a day, what would it be?
What is your favorite game or sport to watch and play?
Would you rather ride a bike, ride a horse, or drive a car?
What would you sing at Karaoke night?
What two radio stations do you listen to in the car the most?
Which would you rather do: wash dishes, mow the lawn, clean the bathroom, or vacuum the house?
If you could hire someone to help you, would it be with cleaning, cooking, or yard work?
If you could only eat one meal for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Who is your favorite author?
Have you ever had a nickname? What is it?
Do you like or dislike surprises? Why or why not?
In the evening, would you rather play a game, visit a relative, watch a movie, or read?
Would you rather vacation in Hawaii or Alaska, and why?
Would you rather win the lottery or work at the perfect job? And why?
Who would you want to be stranded with on a deserted island?
If money was no object, what would you do all day?
If you could go back in time, what year would you travel to?
How would your friends describe you?
What are your hobbies?
What is the best gift you have been given?
What is the worst gift you have received?
Aside from necessities, what one thing could you not go a day without?
List two pet peeves.
Where do you see yourself in five years?
How many pairs of shoes do you own?
If you were a super-hero, what powers would you have?
What would you do if you won the lottery?
What form of public transportation do you prefer? (air, boat, train, bus, car, etc.)
What's your favorite zoo animal?
If you could go back in time to change one thing, what would it be?
If you could share a meal with any 4 individuals, living or dead, who would they be?
How many pillows do you sleep with?
What's the longest you've gone without sleep (and why)?
What's the tallest building you've been to the top in?
Would you rather trade intelligence for looks or looks for intelligence?
How often do you buy clothes?
Have you ever had a secret admirer?
What's your favorite holiday?
What's the most daring thing you've ever done?
What was the last thing you recorded on TV?
What was the last book you read?
What's your favorite type of foreign food?
Are you a clean or messy person?
Who would you want to play you in a movie of your life?
How long does it take you to get ready in the morning?
What kitchen appliance do you use every day?
What's your favorite fast food chain?
What's your favorite family recipe?
Do you love or hate rollercoasters?
What's your favorite family tradition?
What is your favorite childhood memory?
What's your favorite movie?
How old were you when you learned Santa wasn't real? How did you find out?
Is your glass half full or half empty?
What's the craziest thing you’ve done in the name of love?
What three items would you take with you on a deserted island?
What was your favorite subject in school?
What's the most unusual thing you've ever eaten?
Do you collect anything?
Is there anything you wished would come back into fashion?
Are you an introvert or an extrovert?
Which of the five senses would you say is your strongest?
Have you ever had a surprise party? (that was an actual surprise)
Are you related or distantly related to anyone famous?
What do you do to keep fit?
Does your family have a “motto” – spoken or unspoken?
If you were ruler of your own country what would be the first law you would introduce?
Who was your favorite teacher in school and why?
What three things do you think of the most each day?
If you had a warning label, what would yours say?
What song would you say best sums you up?
What celebrity would you like to meet at Starbucks for a cup of coffee?
Who was your first crush?
What's the most interesting thing you can see out of your office or kitchen window?
On a scale of 1-10 how funny would you say you are?
Where do you see yourself in 10 years?
What was your first job?
If you could join any past or current music group which would you want to join?
How many languages do you speak?
What is your favorite family holiday tradition?
Who is the most intelligent person you know?
If you had to describe yourself as an animal, which one would it be?
What is one thing you will never do again?
Who knows you the best?
What’s your favorite way to spend a weekend?
What type of music are you into?
What was the best vacation you ever took and why?
Where’s the next place on your travel bucket list and why?
What are your hobbies, and how did you get into them?
What was your favorite age growing up?
Was the last thing you read digitally or in print?
Would you say you’re more of an extrovert or an introvert?
What's your favorite ice cream topping?
What was the last show you binge-watched?
Are you into podcasts or do you only listen to music?
Do you have a favorite holiday? Why or why not?
What’s your "Death Row Meal"?
Do you like going to the movies or prefer watching at home?
What’s your favorite sleeping position?
What’s your go-to guilty pleasure?
In the summer, would you rather sleep with the window open or blast the AC?
What’s your favorite quote from a TV show/movie/book?
How old were you when you had your first celebrity crush, and who was it?
What's one thing that can instantly make your day better?
Do you have any pet peeves?
Which meal is your favorite: breakfast, lunch, or dinner?
What song always gets you out on the dance floor?
When you were a kid, did you eat the crusts on your sandwich or not?
What activity instantly calms you?
Ideally, how would you spend your birthday?
What do you do on your commute to/from work?
Do you have a favorite type of exercise?
What's your favorite season and why? 30. What's the best joke you've ever heard?
What's the phone app you use most?
Would you rather cook or order in?
Have your ever disliked something and then changed your mind?
What's your favorite board game?
How do you take your coffee?
What's your most prized possession and why?
Is there any product that you couldn't live without?
Do you sleep with a top sheet? Why or why not?
If you could have any exotic animal as a pet, which would it be?
Would you rather spend a day at the beach or poolside? 41. What’s your favorite thing about your current job?
What annoys you most?
What’s the career highlight you’re most proud of?
Do you think you’ll stay at your current company awhile? Why or why not?
What type of role do you want to graduate to after this one?
Are you more of a "work to live" or a "live to work" type of person?
Does your job make you feel happy and fulfilled? Why or why not?
How would your 10-year-old self react to what you do?
What do you remember most about your first job?
Did you start working immediately after finishing school? Why or why not?
What’s the worst job you’ve ever had?
What originally got you interested in your current field of work?
Have you ever had a side hustle or considered having one?
What’s your favorite part of the workday?
What’s the best career decision you’ve ever made?
What’s the worst career decision you’ve ever made?
Do you consider yourself good at networking?
What career advice would you give to your younger self?
Do you believe in having a "five-year plan"?
How do you separate your work life from your home life? This content is imported from {embed-name}. You may be able to find the same content in another format, or you may be able to find more information, at their web site.
When will you know you've "made it"?
Are you looking forward to retiring, or do you plan to work as long as possible?
Have you ever had "imposter syndrome"?
What do you think about workaholics?
What qualities do you look for in a boss?
Do you have a professional mentor? If not, do you want one?
Do you have a work best friend?
Are you into after-work happy hours?
How do you motivate yourself in your career? 70. What's the best career advice you've ever heard?
What's the worst career advice you've ever received?
When you started your current job, what most surprised you?
How do you pick yourself back up after making a mistake at work?
How do you deal with work stress?
What energizes you about your career?
What's one work-related thing you want to accomplish in the next year?
Who has had the biggest impact on your career choice?
What does your family think of your career?
What's the best thing you've learned in your current position?
If you could do it all over again, would you pursue the same career? Why or why not? 81. How much time do you spend with your family?
Who do you most like spending time with and why?
Were you close with your family growing up?
How do you define your family now?
What traits are most important to you in your family members?
Who are you the closest to and why?
Do you want a family of your own?
What’s your favorite family tradition?
If you could change your relationship with a family member, would you? If so, with whom?
What was it like growing up as the youngest/oldest/only child?
Does your family take vacations together?
What’s your favorite family memory?
What TV family most reminds you of your own?
Do you ever wish you were raised differently?
What’s the best piece of advice a family member has given you?
Do you wish you had more siblings? If so, why?
Did you ever hide anything from or lie to your parents?
If you had a family business, what would it be?
Do you and your family have any nicknames for each other?
What's your favorite way to spend time with your family?
How do you show your family you love them?
Have you ever been to a family reunion?
What's the most important holiday you spend with your family and why?
Who in your family would you describe as a "character"?
How do you feel about family events?
What's something your family would be surprised to learn about you?
Which family member do you confide in most?
How do you deal with arguments between family members?
If you have children, how do you want to raise them?
What's more important: family or friends?
Do you have any friends you would consider family?
Has your family ever pressured you to act a certain way?
Did you ever get to meet your great-grandparents?
What personality traits do you share with your relatives?
What physical traits do you share with your relatives?
What stories did your family members tell you growing up?
How did your parents (and/or grandparents) meet?
What makes you proud of your family?
Who's the newest member of your family?
What can always bring your family together?
What’s a relationship deal breaker for you?
If you had only one sense (hearing, touch, sight, etc.), which would you want?
What is your definition of success?
Are you at all religious or spiritual?
What are you most proud of in the last year?
What makes you feel most accomplished?
Who do you admire most in the world?
If you won a million dollars, what would you do with the money?
Which of your personality traits are you most proud of?
What’s the first thing you look for in a partner and/or friend?
How did you form your current political views?
Do you live by any piece of advice or motto?
How can someone earn your trust?
How can someone lose your trust?
Would you rather someone be honest and hurt your feelings or lie to protect them?
If you could snap your fingers and instantly make the world better, what would you do?
Do you believe in astrology? Why or why not?
Have you ever lost a friend? If so, what happened?
If you could only teach one thing to your (future) child, what would it be?
What’s the scariest thing you’ve ever done, and why did you do it?
Do you believe in second chances?
Where do you get your news?
What is your biggest irrational fear?
Do you contribute to any charities?
When was the last time you volunteered?
Are you an organ donor?
Do you believe you should do one thing a day that scares you?
What, if anything, do you think happens after death?
What line should someone never cross with you?
How do you define beauty?
Do you believe in life on other planets?
How do you interact with someone who disagrees with you?
If you could do anything, besides what you're doing now, what would you do?
What do you regret not doing in the last year?
What’s on your bucket list?
If you had unlimited money to start your own business, what would it be?
If you found out today was your last day on Earth, what would you do?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
A genie gives you three wishes—what are they?
If you had the opportunity to be immortal, would you take it?
Which famous person in history would you want to spend the day with?
If you could time travel, when and where would you go?
Do you think you'll likely accomplish all your dreams?
If you could magically become famous, would you want to?
If you could relive one moment in your life, which would it be?
If you see a puddle on the ground, do you walk around it or over it?
If you could have a super power, what would it be?
If you could go back to anytime in history, where would you go?
If you came back in your next life as an animal, what animal would you be?
If you got to name a new country, how would you decide what to call it?
What would be the title of your memoir?
Do you hit the snooze button or wake up immediately?
What’s the first thing you do in the morning?
What’s the last thing you do at night?
Do you believe in any conspiracy theories (no judgement)?
Do you think iced coffee should only be consumed in the summer or all year round?
Would you rather be covered in fur or covered in scales?
What’s your idea of a perfect date (yes, of the calendar year)?
What’s the most unusual place you’ve fallen asleep?
At a party, where can someone find you?
Do you wash your legs in the shower?
Who would play you in the movie of your life?
When making a PB&J sandwich, do you put on the peanut butter or jelly first?
Do you have any allergies?
Do you trust your own memory? Why or why not?
Which fictional character do you relate to most?
What, if anything, would make you walk out in the middle of a movie?
When was the last time you cried and why?
What's your most controversial opinion?
Do you "stan" any celebrities?
What's your go-to drunk snack?
What was your all-time favorite Halloween costume?
What's the weirdest thing you do when you're alone?
Do you have any recurring dreams?
What's the silliest argument you've ever been in?
What's the worst argument you've ever been in?
What's your opinion on modern art?
If you could choose how to die, would you? If so, what would you choose?
What's the most ridiculous outfit you've ever worn?
What was the first thing you wanted to be when you grew up?
If you could own a mythical creature (unicorn, phoenix, etc.), which one would you pick?
What's your least favorite place in the world?
Would you rather have your dishes or clothes be magically clean?
What's your favorite story about yourself?
If you could change anything about yourself, would you? If so, what and why?
What’s your philosophy in life?
What’s the one thing you would like to change about yourself?
Are you religious or spiritual?
Do you consider yourself an introvert or an extrovert?
Which parent are you closer to and why?
What was the best phase in your life?
What was the worst phase in your life?
Is what you’re doing now what you always wanted to do growing up?
What makes you feel accomplished?
What’s your favorite book/movie of all time and why did it speak to you so much?
What is a relationship deal breaker for you?
Are you more into looks or brains?
Would you ever take back someone who cheated?
How do you feel about sharing your password with your partner?
When do you think a person is ready for marriage?
What kind of parent do you think you will be?
What would you do if your parents didn’t like your partner?
Who is that one person you can talk to about just anything?
Do you usually stay friends with your exes?
Have you ever lost someone close to you?
If you are in a bad mood, do you prefer to be left alone or have someone to cheer you up?
What’s an ideal weekend for you?
What do you think of best friends of the opposite sex?
Do you judge a book by its cover?
Are you confrontational?
When was the last time you broke someone’s heart?
Would you relocate for love?
Did you ever write a journal?
What are you most thankful for?
Do you believe in second chances?
What’s the one thing that people always misunderstand about you?
What is your idea of a perfect vacation?
What did your past relationship teach you?
What are your thoughts on online dating or tinder?
What’s on your bucket list this year?
When have you felt your biggest adrenaline rush?
What is the craziest thing you’ve ever done and would you do it again?
If a genie granted you 3 wishes right now, what would you wish for?
What’s your biggest regret in life?
What do you think about when you’re by yourself?
Does your job make you happy?
What did you want to be when you were younger?
Why did your last relationship end?
What’s been your biggest mistake so far in life and what did you learn from it?
Where is your favorite place in the entire world to go?
What are your top five favorite movies?
What are some of your favorite songs?
What qualities do you admire about your parents?
How would you describe your best friend?
What’s your favorite hobby to do alone?
What’s something you can’t go a day without doing?
What’s the most spontaneous thing you’ve done lately?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve ever done for love?
What’s your biggest pet peeve?
Why do you think you’re still single?
What accomplishment are you most proud of?
What is one dream you have yet to accomplish?
What is your greatest fear?
What are three things you value most about a person?
Who are five people you are closest with?
What is the greatest struggle you’ve overcome?
If you could live anywhere in the world where would it be?
What’s the most exciting thing that’s happened this past year?
What’s your favorite beer?
What’s one thing that bothers you most about the world today?
Who are you closer with your mom or your dad?
If you could change one thing about yourself what would it be?
If you could change one thing about the world what would it be?
Who was your favorite teacher and why?
What sport did you fall in love with?
What is the weirdest thing about you?
What was your longest relationship?
What would your best friend say is your best quality?
Who is your favorite historical figure?
What made you choose the college you went to?
If you could tell your former self one thing right now what would it be?
What food could you not live without?
Dogs or Cats?
What’s closest you’ve ever come to being arrested?
What was your best birthday?
What’s one thing you wish you knew how to do?
Where’s one place you’d like to go that you haven’t been?
What was the last book you read? And When?
Where do you usually get your news?
What are some of your own personal goals in the next 5 years?
What would you consider your greatest accomplishment so far?
If you could get away with anything that you do?
Who is your greatest hero?
What’s the greatest risk you’ve ever taken?
Why are we here?
If heaven is real and you died tomorrow, would you get in?
Do you believe in fate?
How do you think people see you?
If you had the ability to erase something that you did in the past, what would it be?
What song makes you unconditionally happy?
If you could have anybody else’s life, who’s would you take?
What fictional character do you most relate to?
If I asked you at age 5 what you wanted to be when you grew up, what would you say?
What is your biggest irrational fear?
If you could take us anywhere in the world right now, where would you take us?
What is your biggest regret?
If you died tomorrow, what would you wish you had done?
Can you pin point the moment in your life where you were the happiest?
What song makes you unconditionally sad?
If past lives are real, what was yours?
Have you ever seen something you can’t explain?
What is your biggest accomplishment?
If you could do one thing without suffering the consequences, what would you do?
What is the strangest dream you’ve ever had?
What is the darkest thought you’ve ever had? What about the darkest thing you’ve never told anybody?
Is there something out there, a thought, an idea, a current event, or a fear that you find deeply unsettling?
What would you consider to be your deepest fear? (This question can be really telling of the depth or lack thereof of a person.)
Is there an activity that calms you? A place or a thing that makes you feel at ease?
What makes you feel uneasy? Overwhelmed? Anxious?
What is your favorite song and why?
Do you have a favorite book? A line in a piece of literature? A poem? Why do you relate to it?
What scene in a movie has evoked the most feelings out of you?
What do you do or where do you go when you need to be alone?
What makes you feel like you need to be alone?
Can you remember a time in your life you felt the most alive? Tell me everything about that memory.
When have you felt the lowest in your life?
Where have you felt the most failure? The most success?
Tell me about the facts or harsh truths you choose to ignore but know you shouldn’t.
When have you felt like you were living life to the fullest? When have you felt like you weren’t?
What is the first lie you ever told? Which is the biggest?
What is the first secret you ever kept from anybody? Which is the biggest?
Are you a religious or spiritual person? Tell me why and tell me how.
Have you always had the same political beliefs? Is there something that impacted them?
Where do you find meaning in your life?
Have you ever been in love? Tell me about the times you have been.
Tell me about the times someone broke your heart.
Why did you cry the last time you did so?
Have you ever cried tears of joy?
What did you do when you hurt someone the most?
If your life was a movie or a book what would be the title to it?
When have you caused the most harm to yourself?
What has been the biggest change you ever made that made you the most proud of yourself?
Think about the people you love the most in your life, what do you do for them?
Is home for you a place or a feeling? Describe that place or describe that feeling.
If you could be anywhere other than where you are right now, where would you be and what would you be looking at?
Have you ever questioned your sanity and why?
What is your most cherished childhood memory?
Have you ever had dreams about a past life?
Do you have any recurring dreams or nightmares?
Do you believe more in fate or that we are the creators of our own destinies because we are governed by free will?
Do you believe in extraterrestrial life? Elaborate on why or why not.
Would you find more comfort in the theoretical idea that that we were the most advanced species in outer space or would you find more comfort in the idea that we weren’t?
What would be your thought process if you were presented with irrefutable evidence that a god didn’t exist? What would be your thought process if you were presented with irrefutable evidence that a god did exist?
What do you think was there before the universe came into creation?
Do you believe in other dimensions and parallel universes?
How do you define art?
If you could have the option of eradicating pain from your life would you choose to do so? Why or why not?
Is a life exclusive to pleasure (no suffering) worthwhile?
What do you think happens after death, if anything?
If you could be given the date of your death would you want to know it?
Presented with the opportunity to be immortal would you take it?
Would you rather be loved or love?
How do you define beauty?
Where does happiness come from? Define what happiness means to you.
Do you believe yourself to be truly free? If so, why? If not, what is holding you back?
Deja-vu: is there anything to it or merely coincidence?
What was your father or mother like at home? How does he or she act different outside of family?
If you were given a choice to choose your manner of death, how would you die?
Tell me a really, really stupid joke that made you laugh.
Pick two out of physical chemistry, lifestyle compatibility, emotional compatibility and intellectual compatibility.
If you were forced to vote for one the biggest dictators of history, (Hitler, Mussolini, Mugabe, Mao, Saddam or Stalin), which one would you pick and why?
Show me a music track or a scene from a film that made you tear up.
If you could have any animal in the world as a pet, what would it be and why?
If you were given a chance to explore the oceans, go to outer space or visit 50 different countries, which one you choose and why?
Do you think that men are more rational and women are more emotional?
Out of the negative emotions of greed, anger, jealousy and hate, which one would you say affects you the most?
Out of the positive emotions of compassion, positivity, enthusiasm and initiative, which one is your biggest strength?
If you could be President of your country for an hour, what is the one thing that you would change?
Describe your best first kiss.
Has another’s pain ever given you joy? Be totally honest.
Tell me your biggest strength outside of your workplace.
If you were given a choice to turn into a zombie or to die, which would you pick?
If you had to pick one, what is the most important value you would teach your children? Honesty, Kindness or Courage?
Are you health conscious?
Name the one bad quality you wouldn’t mind in a partner.
Name the one worst quality you cannot tolerate in a partner.
Tell me your biggest supernatural or paranormal fear?
If you got a free cheque for $5,000 right this second, how would you use it?
Name one really surprising thing that set your heart pumping and gave you an adrenaline rush.
Tell me about the time you were so embarrassed in love, you wished you could disappear right there and then.
Have you ever been unable to sleep? What do you do with your time then?
Tell me about your biggest love regret that made you wish you could turn back time?
Do you believe in materialism or spirituality?
If you were forced to pick one religion on this planet, which one would it be and why?
What is the most romantic and loving thing you have ever done for somebody?
What is the most adventurous thing you have ever done in your life?
What’s your day-to-day mantra?
What quote resonates with you more than any other?
What’s your anti-motto?
What trait do you envy in others?
What skill do you wish you had?
How do you wish to be remembered?
How would your best friend describe you in five words?
How would you summarize your life purpose?
What is your spirit animal?
Are you an extrovert or introvert?
Are you a cat person or a dog person?
What’s your all time favorite movie?
What is your ultimate dream job?
What was your major in college?
What would you do if you had all the money in the world?
Which do you prefer: city or suburbs?
What did you want to be when you grew up as a child?
What emoji best captures your essence?
What is the most addicting site on the internet?
Do you play any sports?
What was your favorite age?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life what would it be?
What’s your zodiac sign?
What is one thing you never get bored of?
Are your a morning or night person?
Do you believe in the paranormal?
What is the first concert you ever attended?
Do you enjoy small talk with strangers, or do you try to avoid it at all costs?
What is one show you never, ever miss an episode of?
What’s the last show you binge-watched?
Who is your favorite band?
What was the last concert you went to?
What was your favorite subject in school?
Do you like to exercise?
Do you like to eat healthily?
Have you ever tried a fad diet craze?
What is your favorite holiday?
What is your favorite time of year?
What are your hobbies?
What is a random food you hate?
Can you speak any other languages?
What’s your favorite dessert?
What is your drink of choice?
Do you like trying new things?
Which famous person would you like to be best friends with?
What is one place you’re dying to travel to?
What is something you’re embarrassingly bad at?
Who are your favorite sports teams?
What is something you’re impressively good at?
Are you an indoor or outdoor person?
Are you spontaneous or a planner?
Where would you want to live if you could live anywhere in the world?
Which female celebrity is your ultimate dream girl?
Which fictional movie character would you want to marry?
Which fictional movie protagonist do you wish you could be more like?
What is the greatest TV show of all time?
What is the greatest movie of all time?
Who is the greatest band of all time?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
Do you play any video games?
Do you play any instruments?
What is the last book you read that you absolutely couldn’t put down?
Are you usually 15 minutes late, or 15 minutes early?
Did you have any pets growing up?
What is your absolute favorite song that you never get sick of?
What is your favorite quote or expression?
What is your favorite line from a song?
What is one thing you can’t live without?
Is your job fulfilling?
What is your favorite movie genre?
What is a popular movie that everyone loved that you hated?
What is your favorite way to start the day?
What is your least favorite food?
If you could live in any historical decade, what would it be?
What’s your favorite board game?
What is your favorite city?
What is your most impressive skill?
What is your hidden talent?
What’s the most exciting thing in your life right now?
What are you completely bored with in life?
Do you cook?
If you could have a superpower what would it be?
What’s something you can’t do?
If you could teach one subject in school, what would it be?
Who is your favorite superhero?
Who is a historical figure you would like to have a drink with?
What is your favorite childhood memory?
What is the nicest compliment you’ve ever received?
What is one thing you worried and stressed about that ended up being no big deal?
What skill do you wish you could master?
What’s your Myers Briggs?
What’s your Enneagram?
What’s the most adventurous thing you’ve ever done?
What is one thing no one realizes about you?
If you could bring one musician back from the dead, who would it be?
When is the last time you used YOLO as an excuse to do something?
How do you deal with people you really don’t like?
What is the most expensive thing you’ve ever purchased?
Have you ever had a near-death situation?
What do you do when you’re in the mood to do nothing?
What makes you laugh no matter what?
What is your most prized possession?
What would your perfect day look like?
Did you have a happy childhood?
Do you get along with your parents?
Do you get along with your siblings?
Are you ever judgmental?
Where do you see yourself in ten years?
Where your parents strict?
Have you ever cheated on a test?
How would your family describe you?
What do your friends love most about you?
What is the last thing that really moved you?
Have you ever been caught in a lie?
What do you do when you’re feeling stressed?
Have you ever made a huge drunken mistake?
So you like social media, or think it’s ruining society?
Have you ever had surgery?
What is a risk worth taking?
Is there anyone you admire?
What is the best advice you’ve ever received?
Do you believe in a higher power?
What is a cause you truly believe in?
Do you want to have kids someday?
Do you believe in marriage or think it’s obsolete?
Is it better to be nice or important?
What is your biggest guilty pleasure?
How have you changed since your teenage years?
Is there a mistake you seem to make over and over again?
What do people usually come to you for when they need advice?
Do you have any strange phobias?
What is the best gift you’ve ever received?
Have you ever been in a physical fight?
Does getting older scare you?
What’s one thing you still have from your childhood?
What’s one habit you wish you could break?
What is something you consider absolutely unforgivable?
What did you love most about your hometown?
Do you believe in reincarnation?
What is something that makes you feel like a kid again?
How do you deal with stressful situations?
Are you good at debates?
What advice would you give your teenage self?