Countries I would like to visit
Is the term ‘ethical business’ an oxymoron?
The wisdom of the maxim to follow your dream
How to lie extremely well
The person I would most like to meet
The most successful prank I was part of
What is your favorite holiday, and why?
How to talk your way out of having to do the dishes
Why bullying is never OK
The funniest thing that has happened to me
How to talk convincingly on subjects you know very little about
What I think about social media
Why peer pressure can be damaging.
What one social change do you think would alter the way we live for the better?
What adults do not understand
What does the phrase ‘living for the weekend’ mean to you?
Three things I think the US President should do
Is a 4 day week or ‘working to live’ an unrealistic dream?
The top three reasons for not handing in homework
Why gossip is always so interesting to hear
The top ways to get people to like you
Three ways to stand up for yourself
How to get other people to willingly do your work for you
The silliest thing I ever saw
What thing did you ever have to do that turned out to be extremely good for you?
My most favorite subject at school
Designer camouflage for under cover parents at student parties
The worst tasting food I’ve ever been given to eat.
My most embarrassing moment
Three words I would ban if I could
If you had the power what would you change?
What’s funny depends on the individual
Three excellent reasons to give when you want to call in sick
How to successfully annoy your brother, sister, mother, father
What 3 skills do you think are most valuable to an employer?
Instructions for riding a bicycle
How does tone of voice influence how you respond to someone?
How to appear very intelligent
The best thing about my neighborhood
How to teach your great grandmother to use a mobile
Why is working smarter, better than working harder?
What subject areas should schools teach more of?
Is Space infinite?
The best character in a book I’ve read or a movie I’ve seen
The top three things I like most about my best friends
The most exciting event in my life
The most extraordinary thing that ever happened to me
Why apologizing when you’re wrong is a good thing to do
The glass ceiling
What to do when you forget the birthday of someone close to you
Idiot things I have done unintentionally
The best time I’ve ever had
My favorite sport
We should never be beaten as a punishment.
Is it ever OK to lie?
The value of recognizable branding.
The music I like to listen to
The difference between having a job and a career
Words we use that we have to explain to adults
The difference between fact and opinion
My favorite place to be in the whole world
Strategies for avoiding people you don’t want to talk to
A family tradition
How to avoid being picked out of a group to present a report
Difference in pay scales due to gender
What habits do you find the most difficult to deal with in a shared work space?
What qualities do you notice particularly in good communicators?
My favorite meal when I go out to eat
What is the best time of day for you?
How I explained Father Christmas to my children
Two sure-fire ways to get rid of your boss
The deepest secrets of your pet cat
Why being predictable is boring
The best season of the year
Why I should have an instant pay rise
The traps of advertising
The notion of job security is no longer safe to hang on to. What should we be doing instead?
What changes would you make to the current levels of state or governmental care?
Something I want to learn
The biggest laugh I’ve ever had
What advice would you give someone who is appears to be in the job purely for the money?
The time the joke fell flat
The best seller I am writing
The art of blaming your horoscope for whatever goes wrong in your life
What are your thoughts on Art?
Where does poverty begin?
If I ruled the world
What does it mean to listen well?
We should be able to choose our own bed times.
What advice would you give a young person about choosing a career?
The dumbest thing I did when I was very little
Why being different is OK
Three ways to fail successfully
My favorite film
What qualities do you want to see in a leader?
How could practicing impromptu speaking improve your critical thinking skills?
What is the weirdest thing you’ve ever seen?
My favorite item of clothing
Why dogs resemble their owners
Why friends are important to me
How do you know when you’ve been in a job too long?
The difference between features and benefits of a product.
My favorite foods
The worst Christmas present I ever received
The most boring thing in the world
How to blame other people and get away with it
Should all education at all levels be free?
My favorite animal
How does what you do now for a living, vary from the way your parents worked?
The scariest thing that has ever happened to me
The best prank ever
If you could be the best version of yourself you could be, what area would you be working in now?
What book has had the most influence on your life?
How to mind read
What means the most to me
Who do you admire most, and why?
Why my son/daughter thinks I am super man/woman
If you could have dinner with whoever you chose, who would you choose?
What qualities do you admire most in the people who work alongside you – your co-workers?
What do you think you will you do when you grow up?
Lessons learned the hard way
How to disagree with someone respectfully
How to get other people to pay for you at a bar or restaurant
Why your dog is your best friend
Why people laugh
What makes you think a person is trustworthy?
Who is a hero to you, and why?
My three wishes are
What we do for fun in my family
What one important idea has changed the way you think and act in your life?
Your most obscure type of Music?
Fun games to play with friends
The worst chat up line ever
Animals have rights too.
What skill do you think will help you get to where you want to go faster than any other?
The advantage of a college education
Three creative things to do with a brick
How to interpret the shape of your hand and fingers
The happiest time I’ve ever had
Is it the people you know, or the abilities you have that gives you the opportunities you want in life?
Types of hairstyles?
Will Computers be inside everyone?
Why being me is so much better than being anyone else
The hardest thing I’ve ever done
What my work clothes say about me
Plain English is preferable to jargon.
How to tell if someone loves you
What special qualities does a person need to have in order to be successfully self-employed?
How to make your favorite meal last longer
Is it OK to have private conversations or to handle personal matters while at work?
The significance of World Paper Clip Day
Three skills my employers do not know I have
Why reading another person’s emails is OK
What is your favorite day of the week, and why?
What is the most important lesson you’ve learned so far?